VPC-Section-Formatting (#141)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: docs/data-sources/security_group.md

Reviewer: выше available удалил, надо единообразно

Provides information about a security group.

> It can be used when a module accepts the ID of a security group as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data source can be used when a module accepts the ID of a security group as an input variable and needs to, for example, determine the ID of the VPC that the security group belongs to.
```
